第一章 
CHAPTER ONE 
おとぎ話 
F A I R Y T A L E 
13°C / 55.4°F 
関節痛 
Joint pain FEELS LIKE 
something’s really f’kd up. 
S O M E W H E R E I N M E Y T R A 
THREE HOURS TO THE 
RARA AVIS | R A R E B I R D 
[Cigarette fizzles out] [Pills rattle] 
[Exhales] 
“Someone pulled it and said If you 
let go you die. 
My arm hurts so much.”  
I have a confession, I’m 28 and I’ve never experienced 
happiness. I strive to have the memories of the last time I 
felt beautiful. 
I don't have a single heartbeat in my life that I want to go 
back to Oppressed and forgotten in my family rejected at 
school detached myself for about ten years after dropping 
out of high school due to severe social anxiety as the world 
didn’t need me in it. Naturally  developing depression 
among other things, but managed to take my stuff and 
moved to another city by myself some years ago. Gave life a 
chance unexpectedly having no guesstimate of why or when 
did I even started wool-gathering about things like rape loss 
slaughter and misery because I used to fantasize the world of 
someone actually worrying about me in aftermath of the 
experiences. It was an instalment of perplexity and the night of the 
witching hour, was almost morning but, the foreboding sky 
and liquid sunshine begrimed the room. It was a few 
minutes before she felt the pounding noise was something 
knocking at the doors and windows rapping sharply with the 
knuckles with an overwhelming urge of getting the attention 
or to provoke a reaction. 
Listening to the slow continual door pummels Disconnected 
Athera’s sleep. Athera stood up to inquire the origin of the 
sound She pushed the window wide open only to see and 
hear nothing but liquid psithurism of the plumed leaves. It 
was raining like cats and dogs that she might have confused 
with the pitter-patter of rain with the recent drubs. She stood 
there for a while smelling the earthiness for mental repose. 

RAIN? 
[Gasps] 
IT HURTS. 
Sitting in the corner of the kitchen, holding the 
sharpest thing in the world, your memories. 
Your voice. Your face. Your… 
[Thunder rumbles] 
[Hyperventilating] 
“Why do I always have to be the butt of jokes Athera?” 
Vetri: Why can’t you just incarnate like other women in the 
world? 
Athera: I’ve told you before that I don’t know how to deck 
out or how to even doll or spruce up properly. But I still 
tried to…b-because you craved… And I have never done 
anything on purpose and I’m really sorry if what I said (or 
did) make you feel that way. 
Vetri: I said that once in a while but you... why do you always 
humiliate me by your mortifying and cheap turnouts. Every 
friend of mine mocks me by saying 
“We are so jealous man you’ve got a wife who 
knows how and when to keep a man happy.” 
Athera: How and when to keep a man happy jeez… why don’t 
they just get lost? What's the problem with these sets of 
clothes anyways? 

Vetri: Nothing it’s Just you look like a... gah leave it!" 
Athera: Say it! 
Vetri: You won’t get it! 
[Trembling] 
Athera: I asked you something.  
Vetri: A f**king prostitute! 
[Shaking and sniffling] 
[Continuous knife whetting sounds] [Blades 
being sharpened] 
[Echoing growl] 

      ξένος 
X   É   N   O   S 
S   T  R  A  N  G   E   R 
Athera: w-w-who’s there? Don’t conjecture that I live alone in 
this house. My husband is on late hours and will be here 
anytime soon don’t you dare to give me the heebie- jeebies.  
[wicked laughter in distance] [Flies buzzing]  
[Faint creaking] [Door writhing wetly] 
[Clicking and screeching] 
Someone roars with laughter and continues the knife 
whetting in rhythmic strokes. This time Athera goes and 
checks. She found nothing but her room infested with flies. 
In total fear and confusion racing through her veins she 
turns towards the bed when all of a sudden, the air around 
her starts flavouring sulfur pungent maddening and rotten 
making her unpleasant and skeptic about the reason, Athera 
then after a while starts feeling some outlandish presence 
wrapped around her that wasn’t like anything before. 
Ignoring her instincts, she reaches back to the bed and 
covers herself with the blanket while the air around her gets 
burning. She tries to sleep to get over the uneasiness and 
starts denying the reality of any ill presence and held the 
ancient mantra in her language and accommodates to the 
changes fabricated in her room. Shortly after she hears 

shallow breathing and drops of thick tar trickling all over her 
face through the ceiling above, Athera emits a blood-curdling 
Shriek and Soupçons the tar at her trembling fingertip by 
sniffing and discovers dark red pigment and a metallic taste  
which crept into her mouth. 
[Growling snarling] [Low creaking] 
[wet writhing] 
And suddenly, a white short-term flash of light ignited by the 
Levin confesses and unmasks the face of a life form all 
mauled and butchered shattering the illusion of poverty 
staring at Athera with a smile when the varmints carve up 
face started to metamorphose Glasgow grin, she wasn’t 
comfortable with. Athera tries to tiptoe towards the phone 
for help but is unable due to her maternal immobility and is 
halted by the loud wrathful roar of the brute. As soon as she 
realizes that the entity can’t be duped that easily begs for her 
life. Sobbing and pleading about the onset of her sixth 
month of pregnancy makes the being bolted from the blue. 
It walks from the roof to the wooden floor in funeral pace 
with inhuman gestures applauding to the echoes head 
banging and whistling screams looking in one direction 
while the rest of its body moves and mimics Athera’s eye 
Movements Flickering days nictitating nights changing its 
fragmentary ungodly form to a known mortal one. In his 
own way and in his own time with shadows hailing and 
painting the reversions of horns feathers tail scutes and claws 
on pale walls in its death throes. 
[screeching] [Creature vocalizing] 

Xénos: I hope you don’t mind I let myself in. 
Athera: Why’s your voice similar to mine? 
Xénos: You were having suicidal thoughts I came to check 
on you. 
Athera: What? 
Xénos: It makes me feel calm. It makes me want to 
understand…you…me…us…and maybe because it wants me 
to be that one person, you'd want to believe in you. 
Advancing his divided by two washed 
out hands with flickering veins for 
a handshake wobbling--- 
Athera: Yeah, chew on that for a little... ----And falling down acknowledging. 
[On all fours] 
[Xénos breathing heavily] 
Xénos: Flesh blood emotions and shit… the humans! Aren’t 
they interestingly weird structures? Yesterday I saw 
something on Tv, a late-night show sort of in which there 
was this gent in his 30s I believe, making strange funny faces 
copying or mimicking some famous celeb voices. It seemed 
like they enjoyed it. It was screamingly brimful. Gosh how 
graphic! Oh, dozakhs me, I thought of redoing this just for 
fun you know. But when I paddled hard through their 
commotion of recollections to flawlessly parodize the voices 
of the murdered, to kick off the remaining sweaty buckets, 
there were all screams and begging and nothing! 

It was quite an insult of my talent. You tell me, wasn't it 
hilarious? 
[Panting] 
Athera: I... I. 
[scoffs] 
Sitting cross-legged hovering. 
Xénos: My presence should not be something to be ashamed 
of, but a very erotic moment that should be enjoyed to its 
fullest, where the horror just stares at you while you stare 
back at it. 
Athera: Pathetic, isn’t it? 
Xénos: Huh? 
Athera: Laughing at your own jokes because you know 
you’re being serious about the show, yet knowing it goes over 
everyone’s head except you. 
Xénos: And? 
Athera: And I thought the most innocent thing about you 
was that you breathe. Felt like no one’s quintessential, there 
were no jump scares, and it was ‘quiet’ made me relieved and 
worried at the same time. 
Xénos: Oh, I don’t think that I need to jump scare or 
teleport behind you just to show that you are f’kd? 
Athera: Eh? 
Xénos: Why are you carrying it?  

Athera: Carrying what? 
Xénos: You have no idea what it really is and 
how it disgusts the both dead and the living. 
Athera: What? Shut up! And what’s wrong with 
you? 
“I think there’s something wrong with me. 
Everywhere I go people just don’t feel like dying. 
Sometimes... I ... I feel like I could. 
[Overlapping arguments] 
Xénos: Our problem? Well, we-we’re on pins and needles 
hallucinating about piercing wrenching and raping people 
and calculatedly ending their lives on a daily basis. I’m 
nervous that someday I’ll just snap and might actually end up 
doing it…even though I wouldn’t mean to. 
It just makes us feel sensitive. All the time 
Athera: Have you ever thought about the "why"? 
(In his voice) 
They say that long-forgotten scars 
within the realms of possibility are 
coloured by the temperature. 
Athera: Y-You? 
Athera: [Exhales] No way. This can’t be you this can’t be you, 
you self-obsessed son of a freaking bitch! 

Xénos: [Snatches Athera by the throat starring in utter 
repugnance giving voice to]- 
(Within all and Sundry there creeps a 
class of personal Imperfection that 
one can’t conquer throughout his 
existence. The rank of personal 
imperfection inherent in me is 
neither more nor less still and all 
me but I won’t reveal this to 
anyone.) 
Xénos- [Nonchalantly dilutes the stranglehold tasting her face 
and bids Adieu.] 
[Thud echoes] 
Athera falls over the wooden floor trailing in opposite 
direction After seeing and hearing the impossible Athera 
developed a delusional faith that trembled her to the core. 
Now the reality is that the known human mortal form of 
“His” husband was “red in tooth and claw. 
Athera was totally bewildered and swimmy. Her visions also 
started blurring and narrowing. She nearly blacked out after 
what she just saw sucking and gulping in air over and over 
again to keep herself alive searching for a cigarette. 
Facepalming stretches her senses hard to process two things. 
she and her baby were about to get massacred in cold blood 
by a preternatural being couples of minutes ago— 
FIRST 
[Thudding and rattling at door]  
[Distant Screaming] 
[Doorknob rattles] 
And her husband who has been missing from five months 
running naked and screeching towards her—SECOND. 
Athera what’s happening to you? Are you feeling alright? 
(With trembling voice, sweating and heating in fear) 
I rang the bell a couple of times but wasn’t answered. Then I 
heard a “ka-thunk” like something had hit the ground. I 
broke the door and I decided to check in, and by the mercy 
of... by the mercy of f-found you in this condition. 
Athera: T-Third man factor? 
What no... it’s me Vetri, Vetri Maaran .and what’s that third
Man factor you’re talking about? 
Athera: Show me your teeth Vetri. 
Vetri: Why? 
Athera: The way that thing…...that thing was pigging out in 
my dream was far more than a simple detest for noises such 
as nails being scraped down a blackboard… Let me have a 
fine look at your teeth Vetri that chewing is going to be my 
new sleep paralysis demon. 

Vetri: Well… 
Athera: Well, I am pregnant! 
So... It's Not Just My Flaws Itching 
stretching or puckering that I Have to 
Worry About? 
Vetri: H-How...no... when? Wait, I should take you to the 
hospital right now. 
Athera: No, you will cut and run again Water! Can you bring 
me some water please…And please don't let me die here?  
She begged tearfully, crawled to her knees and puked, and 
thinking She’d die her throat burns cracking to do so. 
Vetri quickly made a dart for her cottonmouth Little while 
later when her vitals boomeranged. 
Vetri: Why didn’t you tell me about this earlier? 
Athera: Told you about what and why does your skin feel so 
clammy to the touch and why on earth are you naked? 
Vetri: Nothin’ let me just lay down and let these...  
Athera: Hell no... oh, my goodness What about these. These!  
Vetri: Hesitation wounds. 
Athera: Hesitation wound? Don’t tell me you were- 
Vetri: (switching gears) 
Why didn’t you keep me posted about this? That you were 
expecting a baby, and I was going to be a father soon? 

Athera: Stop ignoring me! 
Vetri: Let’s just not talk about this please… I’ll tell you 
everything I promise… but not now! 
Athera: And what about these wounds at your—  
Vetri: Don’t interrupt me... and please let me have this 
conversation with you. 
Athera: One evening we went out to the movies which was 
our favourite date activity, mainly yours but I loved it so 
much because of how much you loved it, and we sat out the 
theater afterwards just talking about life talking about our 
future… we had so many breakthroughs that night. 
Vetri: Then we drove home and once we got back to the 
house, we went to the front veranda and played fairytale by 
Miss beautiful on my phone, and we danced in the corridors. 
Yes… yes… I remember that but why… I mean why are we 
even talking about this? 
[Exhales shakily] 
Athera: For 3 minutes and 16 seconds, every single thing was 
actually perfect. So perfect that you cried in my arms about 
how much you loved me. And my eyes filled with tears as 
well.  
[Athera chuckles] 
And the next morning you ghosted me… you… your mother 
was going to pay a visit the next morning and I thought That 
would be the perfect time for me to apprise about the 
gestational period. 

Vetri: Hey, hey…I’m sorry. I... -[Sobs] 
Athera: No worries... Now you’re here I’ll take good care of 
you. And I promise... I... I… promise that I... I... I’ll definitely 
learn to dress— 
Vetri: A-ah... I hate to interrupt but I can’t stay here any 
longer I still have some unfinished business to deal with I just 
wanted to check upon you. 
Athera: U-Unfini… Unfinished business... So, you walked a 
mile naked with old burn marks on your back multiple stab 
wounds to the chest five hesitation wounds on the right side 
of your neck and...  
Vetri: Bleeding. 
Athera: Bleeding alone, murdered in the dark of night to say 
farewell just in case” I believe? 
Vetri: I promise I’ll be back soon You know I love you right. 
Just trust me one last time. 
Athera: No, you won’t! And trust you? When you can’t even 
answer why and how you got those marks, and don’t you 
dare to give me this you know I love you right thing. Five 
months Vetri… five fucking months have been passed and 
now here you are starved and all naked not even bothering 
to pull your weight and as usual I’ll be picking up our slack 
don’t wait for an embarrassment like me fine! But at least 
think about our child for once and I just can’t stand this 
communal politics anymore it seems like begging up to the 

people who can call the shots is the only way to move up the 
totem pole. 
[Melancholic music builds] 
I could’ve walked to Amma’s place, but I didn’t I didn’t want 
her to do all the chores. In the time I was pregnant, so I 
stayed here all alone spreading too thin each and every 
fuckin’ day since you abandoned me waiting endlessly 
without any remorse this place leaves a lot to be desired after 
you showed your back honey. You don’t love us you just 
don’t, or you would’ve stayed right here especially when I 
needed you the most. 
It’s really hard when the only person you can rely on is you 
because at the end it’s just you fighting with your depression 
anxieties and what not but it’s me who has kept everything 
within me in limits, I never thought I ever could but I have 
to cause it’ll affect my child. 
Vetri: Our child... It’s not only yours he belongs to me as 
well. 
Athera: Ah my auntie told me stories from when she 
traveled around places. She fell in love in Coimbatore. She 
met a boy there. They met at the same cafe every day and 
hung out until the sun rose making memories she said, until 
one day he didn't show up she never saw him again. 
Vetri: Don't ask why, hug me when I'm crying hug me 
without a break so that my anxious heart can't open and 
subside. 

And tell me it's okay though I can't tell you I'm fine but you 
just say it's okay, Because I believe that you are the only 
Person who will love me. 
Athera: Anti-depressants.  
Vetri: Where? 
Athera: Why? - [Melancholy music distorts] - [Rats squeaking] 
Vetri remains silent and takes her into his arms then 
interlaces and holds her hand depressed and kissing on her 
forehead. 
Vetri: Yes, you were right About those 
Hesitation or tentative wounds. Those self-inflicted… After a 
decision. I... I made… to... 
[Emotional gasp] 
Athera: Not commit a suicide. Right before the final cut that 
causes death…you idi... idiot... b-but why? 
Vetri: Look I... I… feel like I need a break and going on a 
break feels nothing different from laying on the floor naked 
starving and staring at the fan smoking about all the good 
thing that could’ve ever happened. I'm really struggling day 
by day but I don't like the people around me worrying about 
it. I'm doing a lot to make it look as hard as possible…I don’t 
wanna eat I don’t wanna sip I don’t wanna beg in front of 
any false god either overthinking about not thinking 

anything more but I’ve a lot of work to do summing up 
which means neutralization of what some People had done 
to me. But for now, I need to muscle up. I want to run... I 
just want to run away from the responsibilities of a father, a 
son. 
Athera: A husband… [Electricity crackles] Vetri: A husband. 
But this never-ending attempt of fixing things like they were 
before doesn’t help me to stay calm for a bit. I don’t know 
what else to say This illness of anxiety doesn’t even go when I 
am eating every bite of my food tells me that something has 
grown inside of me...where I no longer want to share what is 
really bothering me to anyone. I just wanna keep things to 
myself because it takes a lot of energy to say that. 
Athera: Shh... Vetri this too shall pass.  
Vetri: Do you know what a Sunday punch is? 
Athera: Calm down, Vetri... Just calm down, okay? 
Vetri: A punch delivered on a Friday or Saturday night that is 
so powerful that the opponent does not regain consciousness 
until Sunday. 
I don’t know why I’ve fought myself for so long that I’ve 
forgotten what actually the bone of contention was. I’ve 
started talking to myself and I know that’s crazy. 
Athera: Why and how exactly are you going to seek revenge 
for what some people have done to you? 
Vetri: Are you even listening to me? 

Athera: I was just…don’t do anything stupid okay you’re 
going to be a father, and he’ll need you before you even 
know it. 
Vetri: I’ll be there for him whether he likes it or not. Athera: 
What if she’s a girl? 
Vetri: I couldn’t have asked anything more. Athera: Has your 
intake of coffee increased? 
Vetri: Yes…and I don’t really feel the need of someone at a 
point which is dangerous and sometimes it feels like what if I 
die in sleep after my panic attacks? 
Athera: What if you stop breathing while sleeping? I talk 
back and forth with myself, which is the main highlight. 
Vetri: Yes...wait…that’s supposed to be my line. Everything’s 
getting so weird I can’t really explain. Please don’t take any of 
my things in a wrong way. Things aren’t under my control 
now. I talk to myself so much that my head hurts then I keep 
on chanting no Vetri go back to your family go back to your 
wife forget about what other people had done to you, and 
since when I’ve heard about your child I am continuously 
thinking About our child. I don’t really feel myself anymore. 
But I do in a certain way idk how to explain it. 
Athera: Do you remember the mantra Grandpa taught us in 
case we were disturbed, or we are at a point where we see 
nothing. Not even the light at the end of the tunnel. 
Vetri: Yes, when the clock hits three Chant it will you? 
Athera: Anything special? 
Vetri: What if I say yes? 

[Ominous music playing] 
0:00 M I N U T E S T O 
T H E   R A R A   A V I S. 
As soon as the chanting starts Vetri waits for 
her to finish the hindmost verse 
— T-THIS IS NOT THE MANTRA I 
INSTRUCTED YOU WHO TAUGHT YOU 
THIS MANTRA ATHERA? 
ATHERA KEEPS ON SMILING AND 
CHANTING THE MANTRA VIOLENTLY 
AND EYES ROLLING. 
AARGH! 
YOU CAN BE A RE AL  
BAS TARD YOU    
TH AT? 
[Ominous Music Intensifies, halts] 
Vetri strangulates her neck with a ligature 
(chanting in an alien language) 
Athera truly struggles hard to break out while Vetri couldn’t 
meet her eyes, in less than ten seconds Athera passes out at 
the edge of homicide. 

“I remember the first time he trusted me… 
Proposed to me. I was a heck, and he was just 
cuddling me, keeping me safe. I was half 
snoring in his strong arms when he let those 
special words out. Those unexpected and 
delicate words travelled down my spine like a 
shiver. He was so still, and I wasn't even sure if I 
had heard him right. I just remember my heart 
feeling like it 
could burst because I knew he deserved more 
than me, he deserved the world and I couldn't 
give it to him even though I loved him too.” 
[Body scraping] 
Vetri hauls her body dragging Athera by her pony to the 
center of the diagram While continuing the remaining final 
rituals and chanting. 
CARILLONS À MUSIQUE 
(French for "chimes of music") 
Immediately after Athera is placed at the core of RAT-KING 
severing the median nerve to immobilize Athera’s hands then 
hammers the floor and - [unsettling music flourish] 

- [Flesh slithering] - [Dog barking] 
Athera breaks the surface while Vetri shoves his climatic V
shaped loomed wrists in her limbs by the help of 
reassembled carpal bones that had their origin and took the 
shape from his collar bones and false ribs with the least 
chances of flesh tearing itself followed up by intense bleeding 
that supplements the archetype with her blood after which 
the collection of rats whose tails are intertwined and bound 
together by one or several possible mechanisms start 
disengaging breathing and unfolding with musical 
movements upscaled by a violent beam of flare and tension 
that passes through her belly penetrating all the way 
Through the roof to the dark overcasting sky lightning the 
way to the rarest downright apocalyptic cloud formations 
‘Undulatus Asperitas’ with Dynamic levels of illumination 
taking the appearances of rippling ocean waves in the sky 
while the pincers kept her halfway in air. - [Unsettling music swells fade] 
[Faint Buzzing] 
The next morning Athera wakes up. She has no memory of 
the previous night except some echoes headaches fever neck 
pain followed up by difficulty in swallowing or breathing 
with weariness. 